README.md, before:

![FUNNY BFDI BANNER](https://github.com/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/assets/50346006/7f328b3d-5467-4adb-a208-d2474ca0f7bf)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ImCodist/funny-bfdi?style=flat-square) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/total?style=flat-square) [![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/66a17a4d-fd33-4271-9faf-2a533d3d618e/project/018b3bfd-ece9-42cf-8880-73dfc9f69114.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/66a17a4d-fd33-4271-9faf-2a533d3d618e/project/018b3bfd-ece9-42cf-8880-73dfc9f69114?style=flat-square) ![GitHub Workflow Status (with event)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/imcodist/funny-bfdi/build.yml?style=flat-square) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ImCodist/funny-bfdi?style=flat-square)

# funny-bfdi
> "i got bored one day and this is the result of that day"

adds an animated bfdi mouth on all players and that is what it does<br>
supports [simple voice chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat) ([example video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoOqC5D9i8I))

![promo](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/d82915dc-9ce8-4d23-b12f-c6c737315744)

## download
download the mod [here](https://github.com/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/releases) or on [modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/funny-bfdi)

requires [fabric api](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api) to work<br>
i suggest getting [mod menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) to access config

<sub>[simple voice chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat) is not required, and the mod will work without it</sub>

## features
- Adds a cartoony and expressive mouth to you and your friends avatars.
- Reacts to player state. (low health = sad mouth, high health = happy mouth) Wow!
- Animates when a player types in chat. (Lip sync is to the best of my ability)
- Animates when players are using voice chat with [Simple Voice Chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat).
- its objectively funny

## images
![mouth reactions](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/4fdecfe5-ade7-494f-b9ae-64b2b454c879)
![talking example](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/199dffd9-4c3c-4684-ac02-715dad3f60ac)

## ...why?
![because](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/9cad1a3a-abee-4b16-96a4-1cb32faccf7d)<br>
<sub>also minecraft modding is fun and i wanted an excuse to learn more of it</sub>

---

License: [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/#)<br>
Version Format: [Semetic Versioning](https://semver.org/)

Commit message:

Added credit to jacknjellify.
I had previously thought that these assets were in the public domain.
But after further research they seem to fall under the Creative Commons license, which requires credit.

README.md, after:

![FUNNY BFDI BANNER](https://github.com/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/assets/50346006/7f328b3d-5467-4adb-a208-d2474ca0f7bf)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ImCodist/funny-bfdi?style=flat-square) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/total?style=flat-square) [![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/66a17a4d-fd33-4271-9faf-2a533d3d618e/project/018b3bfd-ece9-42cf-8880-73dfc9f69114.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/66a17a4d-fd33-4271-9faf-2a533d3d618e/project/018b3bfd-ece9-42cf-8880-73dfc9f69114?style=flat-square) ![GitHub Workflow Status (with event)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/imcodist/funny-bfdi/build.yml?style=flat-square) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ImCodist/funny-bfdi?style=flat-square)

# funny-bfdi
> "i got bored one day and this is the result of that day"

adds an animated bfdi mouth on all players and that is what it does<br>
supports [simple voice chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat) ([example video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoOqC5D9i8I))

credit to [jacknjellify](https://www.youtube.com/@BFDI) for creating the mouth assets

![promo](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/d82915dc-9ce8-4d23-b12f-c6c737315744)

## download
download the mod [here](https://github.com/ImCodist/funny-bfdi/releases) or on [modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/funny-bfdi)

requires [fabric api](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api) to work<br>
i suggest getting [mod menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) to access config

<sub>[simple voice chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat) is not required, and the mod will work without it</sub>

## features
- Adds a cartoony and expressive mouth to you and your friends avatars.
- Reacts to player state. (low health = sad mouth, high health = happy mouth) Wow!
- Animates when a player types in chat. (Lip sync is to the best of my ability)
- Animates when players are using voice chat with [Simple Voice Chat](https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat).
- its objectively funny

## images
![mouth reactions](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/4fdecfe5-ade7-494f-b9ae-64b2b454c879)
![talking example](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/199dffd9-4c3c-4684-ac02-715dad3f60ac)

## ...why?
![because](https://github.com/ImCod2st/funny-bfdi/assets/121601871/9cad1a3a-abee-4b16-96a4-1cb32faccf7d)<br>
<sub>also minecraft modding is fun and i wanted an excuse to learn more of it</sub>

---

License: [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/#)<br>
Version Format: [Semetic Versioning](https://semver.org/)
